Plan details UI changes for MTV 2.6.3 (#528)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/creating-migration-quick-plan-existing-source.adoc

. Click *Add mapping* to edit a suggested network mapping or a storage mapping, or to add one or more additional mappings.
. Click *Create migration plan*.
+
{project-short} validates the migration plan and the *Plan details* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error. In all cases, the details of the plan are listed, and you can edit the items you filled in on the previous page. If you make any changes, {project-short} again validates the plan

> . VMware source providers only (Both optional):

Reviewer: I looked on the preview and it seems to be a bit mess.
Looks like there are 2 steps under VMware source title, which one is RHV only, later on there is a title of RHV source and there is the LUKs which is VMware source.

Author: Fixed; thanks.

> .. Preserving the CPU type of VMs that are migrated from {rhv-short}: By default, {project-short} sets the CPU type (CPU model and any flags) of migrated VMs if the type is not set specifically for the VM. This can be an issue for migrations from {rhv-short} because the CPU type of {rhv-short} VMs can be set at the cluster level, in which case {project-short} might change the type.

Reviewer: If the VM isn't set with anything, MTV sets it as written here.
With the latest change, if the VM is set with custom CPU model, we will set it as the VM configuration set in the destination.
If you wish to use RHV's cluster CPU you will need to set `Preserve CPU model`.
https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift/pull/686 and https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift/pull/688

Author: Rewritten

+
To preserve the CPU type of your {rhv-short} VMs, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve CPU model*. toggle the *Whether to preserve the CPU model* switch, and then click *Save*.

.. Specifying a root device: Applies to multi-boot VM migrations only. By default, {project-short} uses the first bootable device detected as the root device.
+

> To specify a different root device, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Root device* and enter the root device in the *Edit root device* text box, using the following format: `/dev/sdX#`, where X represents the disk number in letters (that is the first disk would be represented as 'a', the second disk as 'b', and so on) and # represents the partition that holds the operating system inside the disk (starting from 1). For example, to set the second disk as the root device and to specify that the operating system is on the disk's second partition, enter the following input: `/dev/sdb2`. After you enter the boot device, click *Save*.

Reviewer 2: We have drop down menu for the common options in the UI and also an option to free text, so its should say something like  `select the desired option from the menu, in case the option is not presented please provide the following format input....`

Author: @bkhizgiy @yaacov  I saw the drop-down list but i thought it just included examples that weren't connected to the specific provider. Will the choices listed be "likely guesses" for that specific migration or will they be the same in all cases?

Reviewer 3: > Will the choices listed be "likely guesses" for that specific migration or will they be the same in all cases?

we have a drop-down for the most common options for all cases, the are not specific for this migration.

> I saw the drop-down list but i thought it just included examples

The drop down show most common cases, they are the "likely guesses" for any migration. If a user need a different directory, they can write a different option that is not one of the suggested options in a text field.

Reviewer 3: p.s.

current text in the UI:

https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/blob/09c3deec54c639ad17976f8f2eb8deb7b928fa1c/packages/forklift-console-plugin/src/modules/Plans/views/details/components/SettingsSection/modals/EditRootDisk/editRootDiskModalBody.tsx#L14

. Click *Add mapping* to edit a suggested network mapping or a storage mapping, or to add one or more additional mappings.
. Click *Create migration plan*.
+

> {project-short} validates the migration plan and the *Plan details* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error. In all cases, the details of the plan are listed, and you can edit the items you filled in on the previous page. If you make any changes, {project-short} again validates the plan

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{project-short} validates the migration plan, and the *Plan details* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error. In all cases, the details of the plan are listed, and you can edit the items you filled in on the previous page. If you make any changes, {project-short} validates the plan again.
```
You must improve your use of basic grammar:
* `{project-short} validates the migration plan, and the *Plan details* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error.` is two independent clauses. Use a comma before "and" if it merges two independent clauses. 
* Poor punctuation - missing period at the end of the sentence. 

FYI - @raoradhika

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer 5: @RichardHoch it seems like the changes were not posted

. VMware source providers only (All optional):

> * *Preserving the status ID of Windows VMs*: By default, Virtual NICs (VNICs) change during the migration process, which results in Windows VNICs that are set with static IP in vSphere to lose their IP. To avoid this, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve static IPs*, toggle the *Whether to preserve the static IPs* switch in the window that opens, and then click *Save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Preserving static IPs of Windows VMs*: By default, Virtual NICs (VNICs) change during the migration process, which results in Windows VNICs that are set with static IP in vSphere to lose their IP. To avoid this, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve static IPs*, toggle the *Whether to preserve the static IPs* switch in the window that opens, and then click *Save*.
```

Not sure if we should mention that this data may be "lost" and might require to start the related VMs (there is a validation that the user should see in the UI). @ahadas WDYT?

Author: thanks, @liranr23 Change made; waiting for Arik's comments.

Reviewer 5: `Windows NICs` - did you mean Windows VMs?

> Not sure if we should mention that this data may be "lost" and might require to start the related VMs (there is a validation that the user should see in the UI). @ahadas WDYT?

I'd mention this but without saying that the data disappears
how about something like: "When enabling this feature, MTV presents a warning for VMs with Windows operating system for which VNIC properties are missing. You may need to run such VMs in vSphere in order for the VNIC properties to be reported".

(and ok, @RichardHoch I see that you didn't post the changes)

> * *Preserving the status ID of Windows VMs*: By default, Virtual NICs (VNICs) change during the migration process, which results in Windows VNICs that are set with static IP in vSphere to lose their IP. To avoid this, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve static IPs*, toggle the *Whether to preserve the static IPs* switch in the window that opens, and then click *Save*.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* *Preserving the status ID of Windows VMs*: By default, Virtual Network Interface Cards (VNICs) change during the migration process, which results in Windows VNICs that are set with static IP in vSphere to lose their IP. To avoid this, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve static IPs*, toggle the *Whether to preserve the static IPs* switch in the window that opens, and then click *Save*.
```

* If you introduce an acronym, then you must give the full definition first.

> * *Entering a list of decryption passphrases for disks encrypted using Linux Unified Key Setup (LUKS)*: To enter a list of decryption passphrases LUKS-encrypted devices, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Disk decryption passphrases*, enter the passphrases, and then click *Save*. You do not need to enter the passphrases in a specific order -- for each LUKS-encrypted device, {project-short} tries each passphrase until one unlocks the device.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* *Entering a list of decryption passphrases for disks encrypted using Linux Unified Key Setup (LUKS)*: To enter a list of decryption passphrases for LUKS-encrypted devices, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Disk decryption passphrases*, enter the passphrases, and then click *Save*. You do not need to enter the passphrases in a specific order -- for each LUKS-encrypted device, {project-short} tries each passphrase until one unlocks the device.
```

Author: Fixed.

* *Specifying a root device*: Applies to multi-boot VM migrations only. By default, {project-short} uses the first bootable device detected as the root device.
+
To specify a different root device, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Root device* and choose a device from the list of commonly-used options or enter a device in the text box.
+

> {project-short} uses the following format for disk location: `/dev/sdX#`, where X represents the disk number in letters (that is the first disk would be represented as 'a', the second disk as 'b', and so on) and # represents the partition that holds the operating system inside the disk (starting from 1). For example, if the second disk is the root device and the operating system is on the disk's second partition, the format would be: `/dev/sdb2`. After you enter the boot device, click *Save*.

Reviewer 2: I'm having some thoughts about this format `/dev/sdX#`, maybe it will be better as `/dev/sd<_diskNumber_><_diskPartition_>` and then the rest of the text, what do you think?

Author: @bkhizgiy Good idea!

> {project-short} uses the following format for disk location: `/dev/sdX#`, where X represents the disk number in letters (that is the first disk would be represented as 'a', the second disk as 'b', and so on) and # represents the partition that holds the operating system inside the disk (starting from 1). For example, if the second disk is the root device and the operating system is on the disk's second partition, the format would be: `/dev/sdb2`. After you enter the boot device, click *Save*.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{project-short} uses the following format for disk location: `/dev/sdX#`, where X represents the disk number in letters (so that the first disk would be represented as 'a', the second disk as 'b', and so on) and # represents the partition that holds the operating system inside the disk (starting from 1). For example, if the second disk is the root device and the operating system is on the disk's second partition, the format would be: `/dev/sdb2`. After you enter the boot device, click *Save*.
```

Author: Following Bella's suggestion, I changed the description of the format, eliminating the need for the parenthetical comment. "So that" is a better phrase than "that is," so thanks for the note.

+
If the conversion fails because the boot device provided is incorrect, it is possible to get the correct information by looking at the conversion pod logs.

. {rhv-short} source providers only (Optional):

* *Preserving the CPU model of VMs that are migrated from {rhv-short}*: Generally, the CPU model (type) for {rhv-short} VMs is set at the cluster level, but it can be set at the VM level, which is called a custom CPU model.

> By default, {project-short} sets the CPU model on the destination cluster as follows: {project-short} preserves custom CPU settings, but sets the CPU model for VMs whose CPU model is set at the cluster level.

Reviewer 5: I'd phrase the last part differently, how about:
```suggestion
By default, {project-short} sets the CPU model on the destination cluster as follows: {project-short} preserves custom CPU settings, but doesn't set the CPU model of VMs without custom CPU settings, in which case the CPU model is set to the default one in OpenShift Virtualization.
```

Author: Rewritten a bit. See what you think (not pushed yet).

+

> To preserve the cluster-level CPU model of your {rhv-short} VMs, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve CPU model*. toggle the *Whether to preserve the CPU model* switch, and then click *Save*.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To preserve the cluster-level CPU model of your {rhv-short} VMs, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve CPU model*. Toggle the *Whether to preserve the CPU model* switch, and then click *Save*.
```

Note that there is a period after CPU model, then you being a new sentence with a lowercase `t`.

. Click *Add mapping* to edit a suggested network mapping or a storage mapping, or to add one or more additional mappings.
. Click *Create migration plan*.
+
{project-short} validates the migration plan, and the *Plan details* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error. In all cases, the details of the plan are listed, and you can edit the items you filled in on the previous page. If you make any changes, {project-short} validates the plan again.

. VMware source providers only (All optional):

> * *Preserving static IPs of Windows VMs*: By default, Virtual Network Interface Cards (VNICs) change during the migration process. This results in Windows VMs that are set with a static IP in vSphere losing their IP. To avoid this, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve static IPs*, and toggle the *Whether to preserve the static IPs* switch in the window that opens. Then click *Save*.

Reviewer 5: I still think the `Windows VNICs` term needs to be replaced but I'm not sure how - either by `Windows VMs` which implies VMs that are installed with Windows operating system, or `VNICs of Windows VMs`.
or we can handle it differently, e.g.:
```suggestion
* *Preserving static IPs of Windows VMs*: By default, Virtual Network Interface Cards (VNICs) change during the migration process. This results in VNICs that are set with a static IP in vSphere losing their IP. To avoid this and preserve static IPs of Windows VMs, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve static IPs*, and toggle the *Whether to preserve the static IPs* switch in the window that opens. Then click *Save*.
```
@RichardHoch what do you think?

Author: @ahadas Pretty good -- small tweak --stylistically, either "To avoid this and to preserve.." or "To avoid this by preserving..." would be better. Is one more accurate than the other?

+

> To preserve the CPU type of your {rhv-short} VMs, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Preserve CPU model*. toggle the *Whether to preserve the CPU model* switch, and then click *Save*.

Reviewer: Preserving the CPU shouldn't be under the VMware source provider?

Author: Fixed.

* *Specifying a root device*: Applies to multi-boot VM migrations only. By default, {project-short} uses the first bootable device detected as the root device.
+
To specify a different root device, in the *Settings* section, click the Edit icon next to *Root device* and choose a device from the list of commonly-used options, or enter a device in the text box.
+
{project-short} uses the following format for disk location: `/dev/sd<disk_identifier><disk_partition>`. For example, if the second disk is the root device and the operating system is on the disk's second partition, the format would be: `/dev/sdb2`. After you enter the boot device, click *Save*.
+
If the conversion fails because the boot device provided is incorrect, it is possible to get the correct information by looking at the conversion pod logs.

. {rhv-short} source providers only (Optional):

* *Preserving the CPU model of VMs that are migrated from {rhv-short}*: Generally, the CPU model (type) for {rhv-short} VMs is set at the cluster level, but it can be set at the VM level, which is called a custom CPU model.

> By default, {project-short} sets the CPU model on the destination cluster as follows: {project-short} preserves custom CPU settings for VMs that have them, but, for VMs without custom CPU settings, {project-short} sets their CPU model to the default CPU model in {virt}.

Reviewer 5: that's better but we can make it a bit more technically accurate by:
```suggestion
By default, {project-short} sets the CPU model on the destination cluster as follows: {project-short} preserves custom CPU settings for VMs that have them, but, for VMs without custom CPU settings, {project-short} does not set a CPU model and thus, it is later set by {virt}.
```

Author: @ahadas Small tweak -- please check for technical accuracy.
